DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought with him
the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld
and transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve
into more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan was in our hands
and the stakes were high.
But we won the fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Alright.
I think that's everyone.
DAN: It's a good thing we triple checked.
It'd be a huge drag
if we accidentally left somebody behind.
MARUCHO: I thought we were the ones who were gonna
get left behind when Spectra took off on us.
BARON: No kidding.
Lucky for us Drago's new powers allowed him
to open up a dimension gate for us.
DRAGO: The most important thing
is that the BT System is history.
VERIAS: It's because of your bravery that New Vestroia
and the Bakugan race were saved
from annihilation.
VERIAS: Thank-you Brawlers and brother Drago.
DAN: Haha! No problem Verias.
Any time pal! Ready?
DRAGO: Ready!
Back to Earth!
[\u266a]
RUNO: [sigh]
SHUN: [grunt]
JULIE: Hey, you guys are back.
That was fast.
RUNO: [excited squeak]
DAN: [grunt]
RUNO: Welcome back, Dan.
DAN: It's good to be home.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
Phantom Data Attack
KLAUS: So what you are saying is, the Bakugan
that you evacuated to Earth have now safely
returned to New Vestroia?
KLAUS: That's great news.
MIRA: It's a miracle we were able to save them all.
MIRA: I honestly thought Drago and the others were goners...
Luckily he was able to drag the BT System
up into the atmosphere and destroy it.
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
DAN: Drago absorbed the attribute energies that
were powering the system... Now he's evolved again.
BARON: What a way to really stick it to the Vexos!
DRAGO: At the time, I was only concerned with saving
New Vestroia and my brothers and sisters.
MARUCHO: Do we know what happened to the Vexos?
KLAUS: As soon as you guys radioed me...
KLAUS: ...I conducted a scan on the Dimension Universe
looking for the Mother Palace...
KLAUS: ...but it seems I was too late.
There was no sign of them anywhere.
ACE: [grunt]
So those lousy creeps escaped into another dimension?
Unbelievable!
PERCIVAL: I guess we won the battle and not the war.
JULIE: Oh man!
Just when you think it's over!
RUNO: I thought we were done
looking over our shoulders.
DAN: Okay... Take it easy, guys...
If they show their ugly mugs around here,
we'll take 'em down again!
Drago can beat anything they throw at us.
DAN: He's evolved into a Helix Dragonoid.
DAN: Let's see those mechanical pieces of junk
even try something.
DRAGO: Yes! I dare them!
KLAUS: I had better stay here in Vestal
to keep an eye out, just in case.
Just in case Zenoheld and the Vexos decide to return.
MIRA: That's a great idea. Thanks Klaus.
KLAUS: Not at all.
I'm just trying to do my share you guys.
I guess it's the - huh?
SIRENOID: Master Klaus?
It's almost time for the Klaus Foundation Executive
Branch board meeting.
SIRENOID: After that you have a lunch meeting
with Vestal's new government officials
and then this afternoon we have the shoot
for the new Real Estate commercial.
KLAUS: Thank-you for reminding me, my dear.
DAN: Sounds like you're staying in Vestal
for a few reasons other than the Vexos, buddy.
KLAUS: Well, that's life in the fast lane, my boy.
I guess until next time.
DAN: Take it easy, Klaus.
DAN: I guess if you guys wanna head back home
to Vestal too, that's cool.
BARON: Actually Dan, I was kinda hoping to stay here
on Earth to continue my training.
DAN: Yeah?
BARON: Watching you and Drago brawling
has inspired me.
I wanna get better. To be like you.
So how 'bout it, huh? How 'bout it?
NEMUS: I would be honoured if you would let me study
under you as well, Helix Dragonoid.
DRAGO: Of course.
ACE: I was thinking of sticking around too.
BOTH: Huh?
ACE: After defeating the Vexos, I'm totally pumped.
PERCIVAL: Oh me too.
Everything inside of me is saying that I need to train
and become stronger.
DAN: Alright then.
Let's all brush up on our brawling skills.
That way we'll be ready if the Vexos show up again.
MARUCHO: I agree with you Dan.
I'll go prepare the Bakugan Interspace system
for battle.
DAN: That's a perfect idea, Marucho.
MARUCHO: Mmmmhmmm. DAN: Mmmmhmmm.
DAN: Yeah! This is gonna be awesome!
RUNO: I can't believe they just got back and already
they want to brawl again.
JULIE: You know boys.
They've got one-track minds.
RUNO: I'm home!
TATSUO: Runo! You're back!
Get over here and give your old man a hug!
TATSUO: Oh, I missed you so much!
I'm so glad you're home, my baby girl!
RUNO: [delighted squeals]
JULIE: Don't you just love family reunions?
MIYOKO: Okay kids, dig in!
MIYOKO: I made all your favourites.
MIYOKO: This is in honour of your return, Daniel.
We missed you terribly.
SHINJIRO: Don't disappoint your mom, my boy.
Make sure you clean your plate.
DAN: Don't worry. I will. Thanks Mom. You're the best.
MIYOKO: [giggle]
MIRA: Dan's family is so great.
MIRA: I wonder if my Dad and my brother and I
will ever be a family again.
ACE: Mira...Why the long face?
We won. Just cheer up. Life is good! Okay?
MIRA: Ace...uh...
ACE: Don't say anything.
Just eat up and look happy for Dan's mom.
And...Huh?
MIYOKO: Did you leave any room for your favourite?
Sweet and sour pork?
ACE: I...uh...um...
BARON: Mmmmm.
Your cooking is the greatest, Master Dan's Mom!
I can't get enough!
I just can't get enough of it.
MIYOKO: Why thank-you, Baron, sweetie.
You okay, dear?
Eat up before it gets cold, okay?
DAN: Common Mira, eat up.
MIRA: Uh...
DRAGO: Humans are strange.
WILLDA: Always celebrating with food.
PERCIVAL: Or consoling themselves.
NEMUS: And then there's Baron.
PERCIVAL: He never stops eating does he?
ALL: [laughter]
[ringing]
DAN: Uh...Hello?
MARUCHO: Hey Dan!
DAN: Yeah Marucho. What's up? We're just eating.
So is the Bakugan Interspace ready yet there buddy?
MARUCHO: That's just it, Dan.
You guys need to get down here to see this.
DAN: Hey! What's happening?
MARUCHO: Well, it seems when they fired it up...
MARUCHO: ... the technicians found some phantom data...
...that we've never seen in the Bakugan Interspace before.
OPERATOR A: Marucho, we've isolated the location
of the anomaly.
It appears that it's inside the battlefield.
OPERATOR B: Yes, and it shows that the data signature
is consistent with that of a Bakugan.
DAN: What exactly does that mean?
Tell us.
DRAGO: A Bakugan has found its way inside.
BARON: But how'd it do that?
SHUN: And who do you think it could be?
MIRA: The enemy, I bet.
DAN: Why sit around here guessing...
When can go inside and find out for sure?
MARUCHO: Mmmmmhmmm.
MIRA: It feels different than the last time we were here.
ACE: Yeah, like something scary's gonna jump out
and grab us any second.
BARON: Stop it, guys. You're freaking me out.
MARUCHO: Shall we go in Dan?
DAN: Mmmhhmmm.
DAN: Huh, look at that.
There's nothing here...
Whoa!
DRAGO: What the...?
ALL: [gasp]
DAN: Stay close everyone.
Those guys could be dangerous!
BARON: I've never seen Bakugan like these before!
DAN: Who the heck are these guys?
You got any clue there?
Huh Drago, buddy?
DRAGO: I have no idea.
I've never seen them before.
DAN: Whoa! No way!
SHUN: How can there be Bakugan
that even Drago doesn't know about?
MIRA: Oh no!
Maybe they're Mechanical Bakugan
that the Vexos have created.
BARON: Whah? MARUCHO: Huh? DAN: No way!
DRAGO: No, they're not Mechanical Bakugan.
INGRAM: He's right,
but they're awfully suspicious looking.
MARUCHO: Scanners indicate they are digital clones
synthesized from the phantom data.
MIRA: What's that? Digital clones?
MARUCHO: Ya Mira.
The Bakugan Interspace is a virtual environment
so they must be mirror images of what they are in the real world.
OPERATOR A: Sir, we think we've isolated
the source of the phantom data that created
the mysterious digital clones.
OPERATOR A: It appears as though it came from
the rogue transmission that we accidentally intercepted
the other day.
MARUCHO: The rogue transmission.
Of course, that's it.
DAN: Marucho... do you mind...
translating for us, pal?
DRAGO: Yes, please do.
MARUCHO: Well, what happened was...
OPERATOR A: Oh no!
An anomalous signal has accessed the mainframe
and is transferring a large amount of data.
OPERATOR B: We can't identify the source
or even the nature of the data transfer,
just that it looks to be massive in volume.
MARUCHO: What is that?
MARUCHO: The signal had an encryption so complex
I've never seen anything like it...
Because of that we couldn't trace it.
MARUCHO: All we could do was analyze the data,
but it was such a huge amount we hadn't finished before...
...we had to depart for the attack mission
at the Mother Palace.
DAN: Listen up!
DAN: You guys better tell us who you are
and where you're from.
Whoa!
DAN: [angry grunt] Well this is getting us nowhere.
ACE: They're either shy or just mocking us,
but either way they're ticking me off.
It's like dealing with spoiled children.
Know what I mean?
MIRA: There's not much we can do if we can't even
communicate with them.
BARON: I know a way that they might prefer
to communicate.
If they don't wanna talk then maybe they'll wanna
brawl us in a battle.
BARON: Bakugan style, of course.
NEMUS: That idea works for me.
DAN: Nice one, dude.
Huh?
Looks like you've got your opponent, Baron.
BARON: This is too awesome.
Looks like this one's a Haos Bakugan,
so me and Nemus...
oh yeah, we'll take him down alright.
NEMUS: I'm ready when you are, Baron.
SHUN: But those Bakugan don't have partner
Brawlers to guide them.
How's this gonna work you guys?
MIRA: Yeah guys.
How can you possibly Brawl without a Brawler?
MARUCHO: Leave that to me, guys.
BARON: Whah ?
BARON: Whoa! What the heck?
MARUCHO: Based on your vital statistics Baron,
I have created an opponent Avatar of you.
MARUCHO: Now you can do battle against Avatar Baron.
DAN: I dunno.
This is kinda weird but cool at the same time.
Know what I mean?
DRAGO: Yes.
BARON: Alright, let's get this party started, yo!
AVATAR BARON: Let's get this party started, yo.
DAN: Crazy.
BARON: No more like...creepy.
This is weird.
MARUCHO: Whoa. Check it out.
Did you see his eyes?
That's weird.
I wonder if it's a bug from the phantom data.
ACE: Why do I feel like we're in for a surprise
this battle?
DAN: Keep your guard up, Baron!
BARON: I got it!
BOTH: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
AVATAR BARON: Gate Card, set!
AVATAR BARON: Get ready.
Bakugan Brawl!
AVATAR BARON: Bakugan Stand!
AVATAR BARON: Rise Haos Arnaut!
BARON: A power level of 900?
BARON: This is unbelievable!
NEMUS: Time to show them what we've got, Baron.
BARON: Oh, yeah
BARON: Okay Nemus!
Let's bring the pain.
Bakugan Brawl!
BARON: Bakugan Stand!
NEMUS: [rising mighty roar]
NEMUS: [grunt, pain]
BARON: Whaaaaaah?
MIRA: What was that?
DAN: Oh, man.
I sure didn't see that coming.
DRAGO: That guy's lightning fast.
BARON: Lucky shot.
Let's try this again.
NEMUS: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
BARON: Ability activate!
BARON: Haos Force!
NEMUS: Huuuuuaaaaaaahhhhh!
AVATAR BARON: Ability activate!
NEMUS: Haaaaarrrrr!
NEMUS: Stay still, you!
BARON: I got a bad feeling about this.
Ability activate.
BARON: Sparkly Roa!
BARON: That should block your attack there buddy.
AVATAR: Ability activate!
NEMUS: [grunt, pained cry]
BARON: Nemus!
GAUNTLET: Baron Life force 40%.
DAN: This guy is killer!
Man, I've never seen any of his moves before.
DRAGO: Yes and his Bakugan
is unlike anything I've ever seen.
BARON: Daaaaaaaaaaaaaannng!
I can't believe my clone is kicking my butt!
That makes me so stinkin' mad!
BARON: Gate Card, set!
BARON: Bakugan stand!
AVATAR: Back at ya!
Bakugan Brawl!
BARON: You are driving me crazy!
ACE: Now you know how I feel.
BARON: Gate Card, open!
BARON: Phantasmorphic!
BARON: Phantasmorphic is a gate card that freezes
the opponent and brings his power level down by a 100!
NEMUS: Now he can't move, and he's mine.
DAN: Baron's pretty chill for how badly he's getting
pounded out there.
SHUN: Maybe they're planning a surprise attack.
BARON: Time to mix things up...Come Bakugan Trap...
Haos Guardian!
AVATAR BARON: Ability Activate!
NEMUS: [pain cry]
BARON: [grunt, exertion]
MIRA: He nullified Baron's Gate Card.
NEMUS: Baron!
BARON: I know, I know!
Ability activate!
BARON: Explode!
BARON: Okay, Nemus my man!
Time for our most powerful attack!
Ability activate!
BARON: Sparkly Arrow!
NEMUS: Chew on this!
GAUNTLET: Avatar Baron life force 60%.
BARON: [grunt]
How'd you like that?
NEMUS: I liked that a lot.
BARON : What was that?
NEMUS: Half time, fireworks show maybe?
AVATAR BARON: Gate Card, set!
AVATAR BARON: Let's heat this up, Bakugan Brawl.
BARON: Ah oh.
Guess we better get our heads back in the game.
BARON: Kick it! Bakugan Brawl!
NEMUS: Haaaaaaahhhhh!
NEMUS: You're not getting any cheap shots
in on me this time.
BARON: Look.. Look! We got'em.
They're on the run now, Nemus!
GAUNTLET: Ready, Battle Crasher!
BARON: Hey wait, that's not a Bakugan Trap!
NEMUS: If not...
NEMUS: ...then it must be...
AVATAR BARON: Battle Gear, Boost!
DAN: Oh dude! He just...
DRAGO: ...launched some Battle Gear.
DRAGO: It sounds like a trap.
It's just like the one Helios used.
MIRA: But how...?
BARON: Oh No!
How the heck did he get that thing?
AVATAR BARON: Battle Gear ability, activate!
MARUCHO: Wow! That's amazing.
His power level just doubled.
DAN: Nemus!
DAN: Run!
NEMUS: [pained cry]
[grunt]
BARON: Nemus!
Ability activate!
BARON: Sparkly Arrow!
NEMUS: Haaaaaahhhh!
NEMUS: [grunt, pain]
BARON: He's too powerful now.
Nemus can't keep this up!
BARON: Let's go, Guardian!
BARON: Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card set.
BARON: Tank Bunker!
BARON: Here we go, Nemus!
Ability activate!
BARON: Sparkly Arrow!
NEMUS: With this brilliant light I will purify you
from all evil!
NEMUS: Haaaaahh!
DAN: He did it!
BARON: We did it!
NEMUS: What the?
SHUN: He activated an ability somehow!
NEMUS: Haaaaah!
BARON: No way!
ACE: Ah... check it out!
He nullified Baron and Nemus' abilities.
NEMUS: [pained cry]
[\u266a]
[frightened cries]
BARON: Hmmm?
[gasp]
NEMUS: What kind of a Bakugan was that?
BARON: Nemus! No!
GAUNTLET: Baron Life force... zero.
[\u266a]
DAN: Dude! What just happened?
MARUCHO: I don't understand.
The battlefield just disappeared.
BARON: That was some display of power.
NEMUS: If that were a real battle, I shudder to think
what might have happened to me.
ACE: Did you catch the equipment he was working with?
And how did they get the Battle Gear, Mira?
MIRA: Maybe the rogue transmission
came from my brother.
DRAGO: The scariest thing of all was that they made
no attempt to communicate with us directly.
DAN: Who are you guys anyhow?
And what exactly do you want with us?
[\u266a]
DAN: I don't understand why Spectra keeps refusing
to team up with us.
Together we could defeat Zenoheld once and for all.
But he's so caught up in his scheme to create
the Ultimate Bakugan, he can't see that a partnership
would be a good thing for everyone.
Once he launches his plan he's determined
to have Helios battle Drago ...AGAIN,
even though Drago has undergone another amazing evolution.
So if he wants a fight he's got one.
We'll finish this once and for all.
This action is so intense, you guys need to
tune in to see what I'm talking about.
Bakugan Brawl!
Yeaaaaaahhh!